Martin Price: Hey,
Dominique Pozo: How are you
Martin Price: Pretty good. Very tired.
Dominique Pozo: Really tired.
Martin Price: Yeah I did like a bucket list thing yesterday and I kind of overdid it.
Dominique Pozo: What did you do
Martin Price: I was going to show you if you wanted to let me
Martin Price: Show you this thing.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, for sure. Please show me.
Martin Price: When I try. I been trying this all day. But let's see. So you got to do a share screen thing.
Dominique Pozo: Yes, share your screen and
Dominique Pozo: And if their sound is their sound on it. Oh, no. There you go.
Martin Price: Can you see it.
Dominique Pozo: Whoa, it's okay, it's, it's gonna be a video.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, okay. So you do. Okay, so stop the share and then you need to go back to when you're sharing the screen, you need to start over, so that I can hear it. And on the bottom, it's going to say turn on audio. There's two little bottom
Dominique Pozo: Check.
Martin Price: Those audio.
Martin Price: Share computer sound.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, you have to check both of the boxes.
Okay.
Martin Price: I'm not doing it anymore. Hold on.
Martin Price: Alright, so we're going to do this.
Martin Price: Somehow I got out of the
Martin Price: Can you still hear me.
Yes.
Martin Price: I'm trying to
Martin Price: Like maximize the screen here. I can't see the screen anymore.
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh. Why don't you stop your share
Martin Price: Oh, I see. Okay. Oh, OK.
OK.
Dominique Pozo: So now you start the share over and then check those two boxes on the bottom.
Dominique Pozo: Are you trying to find you need to also pull the video up so it's on your screen before you share it. That is also very helpful.
Martin Price: Okay.
Martin Price: It's okay. Now, this is great. I'm so happy to hear that you've
Dominique Pozo: created something and
Martin Price: So I still don't know.
Martin Price: Let's see.
Martin Price: I guess I'm still trying to get good at zoom
Martin Price: Now can you see it.
Martin Price: Yes. Okay.
Martin Price: It was really a beautiful day.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, I will leave it.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, that looks deep to me. And there's, it's got all that Rocky patch to
Dominique Pozo: That was awesome. So, so you said this was on your bucket list what what
Martin Price: I'm because you have to climb up
Martin Price: First of all you gotta do it in the spring. Otherwise, there's like really bad avalanche danger else
Martin Price: It's a scary and it's by our town. So you got to climb to the top of the ski area which is like a 1700 foot climb then walk across these mountains to get to that drainage, you're just looking into. And then you ski down it. But unfortunately, we have to climb back out.
Martin Price: Or it's a seven mile hike to get out of there that basin. So we ran up to that video was done. We were going to start climbing out right
Martin Price: No, it was really it gotten really warm. And so when you stepped on the snow you we need all the way up to your thighs.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, hey guys.
Martin Price: Hey, you can't tell that from the ski picture but
Martin Price: So we had a hell of a time. So we had to go find this big rock out Crump cramping and put our skis on our packs and like you know shimmy up these rocks and I thought I was gonna die.
Martin Price: We finally got back up to the top and then walk back over the scary and then skeet back down. So
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, that was that this morning or
Martin Price: No, that was yesterday. Yesterday, Yesterday morning we got up there, about eight or something 830
Martin Price: I finally met he kept telling me to get a guy friends I finally met a guy friend up at that area last weekend.
Martin Price: Right. He was from Amarillo, so he drove up at three in the morning yesterday. And then we met up there and did all that but
Martin Price: You know, I just it climbing on the rocks, trying to get out of there was really, it just took it out of me.
Martin Price: I just I there was times and I was like, I didn't think I was going to make it. And now he's retired as kind of fall backwards, you know, and
Martin Price: But I knew that I like if I didn't make it up the rocks and I'd have to hike seven miles out from that.
Martin Price: Yeah, that was pretty cool. So that's like, that was one of the ones I've wanted to do for a long time.
Dominique Pozo: Awesome. I'm, I'm really happy for you how. So even though you're physically exhausted. How does your spirit feel
Martin Price: It feels good. I just was so tired today. You know, I had to work today and it's like I was trying to get motivated and get things done and there's like no amount of coffee could
Martin Price: Kind of get me going, you know, so it was sort of a long day.
Dominique Pozo: When
Martin Price: I still got stuff done. And finally got, you know, a bunch of
Martin Price: Like deliverables in that I needed to get in. So
Martin Price: Yeah, I was just glad to get out and do something different because this whole lockdown thing just makes it feel certain trapped, you know,
Martin Price: Can you go to the beach. Are you allowed to or
Dominique Pozo: Thankfully I have not had the same experiences so many folks were allowed to go to the beach surfing as any central activity running on the beaches swimming. So we've we've actually been, I can just speak for myself. I have been on a really lovely time during all this. Yeah.
Martin Price: Juicer for
Martin Price: Yeah. Oh, you do. Okay, you should wear like a GoPro. I've seen guys but GoPros on the tip of their boards.
Dominique Pozo: Well, I think I want to one of my friends was just saying he almost got one at Costco, the other day, and the the view of the reef. Sometimes when you know when you drop into a wave, it's just
Dominique Pozo: Like spectacular and it's kind of cool. Yeah, senior video inspired me because I'm often, you know, catching the waves thinking, oh my gosh. I'll never see this again. This is so beautiful and
Martin Price: Because the water gets so shallow and you can see the reef below it.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, it's shallow and clear. And so we can see the refund the patches of sand and sometimes the fish and yeah yesterday saw these amazing
Martin Price: Moment.
Dominique Pozo: For a moment, because you know you glide right buyer. Yeah.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: But
Dominique Pozo: I think I would like to get one. Thank you very much. You've really inspired me. I, I, it's, it's just so cool because when we do do these things in nature.
Dominique Pozo: Sometimes we'll never see it again.
Martin Price: Right. Yeah. Those are like
Martin Price: The you had to wait until it got cold enough. The night before, so that there was a hard enough surface to ski on but it still wasn't cold enough to firm up the snow underneath so
Martin Price: You know we just had to do it that day. We both wanted to so
Great.
Martin Price: But like if you had like some kind of, I mean nobody wears helmets. I'm sure when they're surfing. But if you could, you know, because that's how the amount of GoPro when you're skiing is on your helmet.
Hmm.
Martin Price: Only thing I saw was putting it on the tip of your board or maybe
Martin Price: I don't know, wearing some kind of light like a bicycle helmet or something. Mounting and on that.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah yeah
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, so we
Martin Price: Haven't seen people
Martin Price: Like where they
Martin Price: Video what they're doing with a GoPro like on a helmet.
Dominique Pozo: I've seen I've seen the GoPro at the tip of people's boards. There are little casings that you can stick it on, although it's a different view than what been
Dominique Pozo: Looking down
Dominique Pozo: On a day when it's not too big could wear some sort of headgear thing too.
Martin Price: Yeah, yeah. They're pretty light. So how big is big, like 20 feet 15 feet or
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I mean, he kind of call it like had higher overhead or double overhead, and it's been we've had some a big swell lately. The last week. It's been really big like double overhead, like, two times the size of me.
Martin Price: You do those at bay.
Dominique Pozo: No, I don't do that. No.
Martin Price: It's just too scary or like it's hard it's just
Dominique Pozo: It's not fun. It's really for me, you know. It's hard. It's hard to get through waves that big for me because I my board. It's not a super short board. It's not a super long word, but it's in the middle and
Dominique Pozo: It's hard to get through.
Dominique Pozo: Waves that big. So I had high is about as high as I like to go
Martin Price: And that's fun.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, very fun.
Martin Price: Well that's pretty cool.
Yeah.
Martin Price: Oh,
Dominique Pozo: Good. So, so aside from that's so great. What else is on your bucket list. Tell me more about that.
Martin Price: You know, like hell this game somewhere. I've never done that cat scheme.
Martin Price: Kayaking
Martin Price: Yeah and this girl I met in Milwaukee. She kayak. So that would be cool for her to
Martin Price: Show me how and then I used to sail a lot. So we talked about sailing on Lake Michigan Milwaukee's right on Lake Michigan.
Dominique Pozo: So,
Martin Price: I don't know if. Have you ever seen a sailboat called a laser or they had a sudden fish to their about like a 14 foot boat.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah yeah
Martin Price: Removable keel, and they're pretty much treacherous and rough water but in
Martin Price: You know, fairly calm water. They're really fun you know if there's some good wind and you with two people on them, you can really
Martin Price: You can probably get to like 15 or 20 miles an hour. And you know, it's just a really fun experience, but I don't like Lake Michigan is so big it has waves all of its own, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh.
Dominique Pozo: Well, that sounds really fun when you are telling me about this and all the things you want to do. I have this vision that
Dominique Pozo: Potentially, that could be a lot of play down the line for you, you know,
Martin Price: Yeah, yeah. The last year or the last nine months. Anyway, I've been really focusing on
Martin Price: Work.
Martin Price: Trying to get my finances back in order and
Martin Price: You know, keeping my invoicing up
Martin Price: So yeah, it'll be like, unfortunately, April, I think she's gonna let her son moved back in. Unfortunately, so she's in a duplex so they'll each have half of it, but
Martin Price: You know she had to call the cops on her son and his girlfriend and I don't know her sense. Sounds like a disaster to me.
Martin Price: I guess the idea would be that
Martin Price: When we're together. She wanted to spend like every other week. Like if I got a place in Janesville
Martin Price: With you know hanging out with me. I think just to get away from that old situation. SHE'S GOT GOING IN MILWAUKEE.
Martin Price: It's
Martin Price: Yeah, I just, I hope I'm not getting into another
Martin Price: You know situation where
Martin Price: Like my second marriage, where my wife was so devoted to her daughter and then towards the end of the marriage when I
Martin Price: started focusing more on my daughter, she didn't like that so
Dominique Pozo: Well, I imagine with really clear communication.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah. Avoid recreating the similar situation, you know, naming like
Dominique Pozo: Are you willing to get a pen and a piece of paper out and do a little right in here. I have a few ideas.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so. Okay. Can you name what you do want in this relationship, how you would like it to be. What's your intention. So if you could do one column for intention.
Dominique Pozo: And then
Dominique Pozo: How about some expectations. Maybe you can write expectations that you have. So you can become more aware of what those might be
Martin Price: Another column.
Dominique Pozo: Well, I'm
Dominique Pozo: I am not sure if I want to put it in, but I'm just gonna say fears. So naming any fears that you have
Martin Price: Tension expectations and fears.
Yep.
Martin Price: Okay ever sundown.
Okay.
Martin Price: Like under intentions. I had fun companionship intimacy. So mutual support.
Martin Price: Okay and shared goals.
Martin Price: And then expectations was kind of like understanding and loyalty
Mm hmm.
Martin Price: And then under fears. It was fear of her son feeling threatened and not letting her go.
Dominique Pozo: You know, not
Dominique Pozo: letting her go.
Martin Price: Yeah, cuz he he's like 23
Martin Price: And he was married once had two kids from that now he has a girlfriend, she might be pregnant, you know,
Martin Price: April is like she takes care of the two kids every other week. And the guy just has kind of a
Martin Price: I don't know if he's bipolar or what, but he
Martin Price: She's in a duplex and she's trying to set it up so he can him and his girlfriend or just him can stay upstairs and then she'll stay downstairs, but
Martin Price: It just sounds like it kind of like swings, like a pendulum like
Martin Price: We get back together and then he kind of goes crazy on or he keeps pushing your boundaries, you know. And then finally, She snaps and throws him out or, you know, late, you know, last time she had to call the police and
Martin Price: Yeah, I don't know.
Martin Price: I have to be really careful in this one.
Dominique Pozo: How much from what you've written down how many of these things.
Dominique Pozo: View All communicated about your intentions, your expectations in your fears.
Martin Price: Mostly just the fun part, you know, and that
Martin Price: You know, I said, well, at least we'll have weekends together. And she said, well, no, no, I won't. I am week I have one weekend and then the whole week you know when she's not taking care of
Martin Price: The kids, you know, but her son got it just seems like if he has yet another kid or whatever. It's like
Dominique Pozo: Oh, it's just begun. Yeah.
Martin Price: Yeah, I could just see her having to take care of three kids and, you know,
Martin Price: And
Martin Price: I have to be willing to like
Martin Price: Not sacrifice myself like I've done before, you know, like
Martin Price: My second marriage. I just did a lot of therapy. I did a lot of work on, sir, the jealousy. I felt through the
Martin Price: You know, the way
Martin Price: My wife handled her daughter, you know, and what I thought she was like
Martin Price: You know, just a spoiled brat, you know, and
Martin Price: But that was like a conversation that if we ever went there. If I ever went there. It was an immediate fight, you know,
Dominique Pozo: hesitant to bring this up with April because of your history, like you're not
Martin Price: Talking about really anymore. I mean, I think I would definitely bring this up. I mean, right now it's been all about
Martin Price: You know, I've been trying to tell her you know it's your house, you got to set boundaries and you got to hold your ground. And it's like, once you let him back in after this last episode.
Martin Price: It's probably going to all happen again, you know,
Dominique Pozo: He'll want to
Martin Price: Bring his girlfriend in and you know
Martin Price: And so, so far it's just been me trying to like
Martin Price: Culture and supporter and you know I was basically I didn't think she should let him back in, but she has this guilt, she feels about towards him. You know, I don't know why. Maybe the father left a long time ago. Who knows, and
Dominique Pozo: Do you think she's mirroring back to you.
Dominique Pozo: Your own challenges of setting boundaries. Do you think you've you've magnetized someone who maybe struggles with similar
Dominique Pozo: Yeah yeah
Martin Price: Um, because I, you know, this is like
Martin Price: My second wife split because you know she felt like I had this unhealthy relationship with my daughter, because you know I was
Martin Price: Because of the schizophrenia and all that. I didn't know how to take care of her. And so
Martin Price: She just got more and more upset with the amount of time that I was spending on taking care Wiley.
Mm hmm.
Martin Price: So yeah, this is like it's almost like
Martin Price: I learned a lot out of that and
Martin Price: Kind of like what I learned with Wiley was that if you stick with her and you keep trying to get the therapy and you send her to a
Martin Price: Recovery Center that, you know, now she's doing much better. You
Martin Price: Know how to deal with it more. And so if I hadn't hung in there. And if I hadn't coughed up the money to send her a trip to the treatment center. She I don't think she would have gotten any better.
Dominique Pozo: So. Mm hmm.
Martin Price: So like I can empathize with April wanting to take care of her son, but it just
Martin Price: You know she thinks she needs to be on medication. And then he needs therapy and he doesn't
Hmm.
Dominique Pozo: Well, I mean, it sounds to me like you've established enough of a friendship with this woman and enough trust and being able to talk about the positive things. I'm wondering when the more difficult conversations might
Martin Price: Right. And I don't. It's kind of like, all I can do right now is wait and see what happens.
Martin Price: You know if he moves into the upstairs of the duplex and if the girlfriend moves in and then the whole thing reignites and
Martin Price: And he just like
Martin Price: He sounds like a pretty crazy 23 year old, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I mean, that's a really valid concern and maybe apprehension of what are you opening yourself up to right if you to really engage with this person, which it sounds like there's a lot of
Dominique Pozo: There's a lot of potential, it's just getting really honest.
Martin Price: Yeah, yeah. I mean, it's
Martin Price: These are lessons that I went through and
Martin Price: You know, I'm not trying to be mean, or like
Martin Price: I'm compassionate, but it's
Martin Price: I don't know, it's just hard situation in this when there's like a crazy kid in the middle of it with two
Martin Price: Daughters, and a series of girlfriends. You know that he
Martin Price: Apparently keeps getting pregnant.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Well, I've done by you.
Dominique Pozo: In the next couple of weeks to approach some of these topics and see how it goes.
Martin Price: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: For your own, you know, because what I've heard, and correct me if I'm wrong, but it sounds like you've, you've really overextended yourself in the past and wanted to make sure that the others. Okay. And maybe bypass some of your concerns or needs or
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, so
Martin Price: You're very well identifying my needs.
Martin Price: When it comes to like intimacy and companionship.
Dominique Pozo: I'm gonna pull up the needs list again. So I'm going to invite you to make a list of your needs here with her.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so I'm going to share this screen here.
Dominique Pozo: And maybe pick or pick as many as I mean I think most of them are just like I could say yes to all of them. So maybe
Martin Price: That's kind of what I was thinking.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, maybe pick your top top five. That's I think that's a good
Dominique Pozo: A good number to start with.
Martin Price: Out of the whole list.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: The top most five essential
Dominique Pozo: Between five and 10 i get i guess
Dominique Pozo: What are you really what what which words are really alive for you.
Martin Price: Nine instructing
Dominique Pozo: Okay, I'm gonna, can I take the list off.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: All right.
Martin Price: Just read them offer
Martin Price: Yeah, just basically there from a list on the left. It was like acceptance appreciation consideration nurturing
Martin Price: Clearly, wait, wait.
Dominique Pozo: Can we can we slow down. I was already losing what you're saying.
Dominique Pozo: It's
Dominique Pozo: I THINK YOU READ YOU ARE YOU recited some prayer to me one time and and we slow down with it. So we could really fit. Yeah, let's
Dominique Pozo: Can we try that. Okay.
Martin Price: Acceptance.
Martin Price: And appreciation
Martin Price: Consideration
Martin Price: Nurturing
Martin Price: Trust.
Martin Price: Closeness
Martin Price: Authenticity.
Martin Price: And companionship.
Dominique Pozo: When you read those. Did any of them really jumped out at you with like maybe elicit some warmth or
Martin Price: Appreciation.
Martin Price: Appreciation. Yeah. That kind of consideration.
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh. So yeah, so it sounds like there's there's a real need to be acknowledged.
Dominique Pozo: Like you have your needs and you want them honored
Martin Price: Yeah, my
Martin Price: You know, I guess I was thinking about it for like my two main relationships for the last 34 years it was like
Martin Price: You know, I was the breadwinner, and all that and
Martin Price: I just never really felt like
Martin Price: There was much appreciation for it.
Dominique Pozo: Have you communicated that to April before
Martin Price: April.
Martin Price: Know,
Martin Price: About the appreciation
Martin Price: Know about that.
Dominique Pozo: It sounds. It sounds like I heard before. We looked at this list, I heard you say you want intimacy and intimacy is definitely past physical intimacy. It's this piece of naming, you know, in a vulnerable way.
Dominique Pozo: What we what we wish for desire for what we're afraid of all these things so
Dominique Pozo: I, yeah, I really am going to invite a conversation that is maybe a little more vulnerable.
Dominique Pozo: That goes, maybe a layer deeper around
Dominique Pozo: What you've been through what you haven't
Dominique Pozo: Enjoyed that you don't want to recreate and what you do wish to create moving forward.
Martin Price: Yeah, I think it's important. I mean,
Martin Price: I don't want to like
Martin Price: Jump in, as the savior again and try and
Martin Price: Like be the guy that makes everything work between her and her son, you know,
Martin Price: You know, just like I
Martin Price: Like I really try to
Martin Price: Go at what I felt was great lengths to support
Martin Price: My second wife's daughter, you know, to help her out financially and with vehicles and stuff like that and
Martin Price: She you know her, and I just didn't have any kind of connection at all.
Dominique Pozo: Are you have any interest in role playing, and I can play April and and tell you, you know, I'm thinking of letting what's her son's name.
Martin Price: Reese.
Dominique Pozo: I'm thinking of letting Reese come live with me again and
Dominique Pozo: Are you willing to give it a try and just maybe voice some concern because I'm not sure how many maybe not necessarily push back. But how much you are challenging her
Martin Price: Yeah, I mean I, at first I did. And then I just realized she wasn't it just seemed like what she was going to do you know
Dominique Pozo: So, okay, actually, I want to twist this not so much challenging her, but more speaking your needs and your concerns so that she's aware of what's up for you.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so we're talking and
Dominique Pozo: Cash Marty, I am going to play. April. Now I
Dominique Pozo: I'm afraid for Reese, I think I'm gonna let him move back in. I think things are getting a little too out of control and
Dominique Pozo: It's so much I have more
Dominique Pozo: I can just see what's happening when he's near me. So I think I'm gonna let him move back in more for the kids.
Martin Price: At once, but I mean after the last blow up. I'm just worried that it's going to happen again.
Martin Price: I mean,
Martin Price: I get worried you won't even be able to be in your own house, you know,
Dominique Pozo: So I'm going to pause right here. So you're so I'm hearing you speaking about her. And what I am inviting you to do is to speak about you, rather than then your concerns for her. The what comes up for you.
Dominique Pozo: This is where honoring your needs is
Martin Price: Yeah, I mean, it comes across as selfish, but it's like
Martin Price: Are you going to be able to
Martin Price: Like distance yourself from him or
Martin Price: You know,
Martin Price: Trying to figure out the right words even
Dominique Pozo: Why would
Dominique Pozo: Why would that be important for you if if she could give him the space to individually and allow them to have their own lives, what, how would that be important for you.
Martin Price: Because then we could move forward and have our own thing going.
Dominique Pozo: So it sounds like that's a need, you're, you're wanting to develop something with her. And that's something that's important to you.
Martin Price: Yeah, but am I worried about
Martin Price: You know him just like
Martin Price: Throwing out all these land mines that
Martin Price: You know ultimately wouldn't let us have like any meaningful long term relationship, I guess.
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh. That's, that's really valid.
Dominique Pozo: Um,
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I just want to validate
Martin Price: Uh huh. I've always been like, you know, well of course a mother's going to have, you know, this love for son or daughter and, you know,
Martin Price: My needs are secondary to that, you know,
Martin Price: And then it's always that fear that, you know, if I push back too hard, that they'll get pissed off and and not want to be in a relationship anymore.
Martin Price: Yeah, so there's that fear component to
Dominique Pozo: So how can you share all of this. Imagine I'm her. I just I just said, You know, I think I'm gonna let Reese come move back in for the kids. I just, I'm trying to think of them. And I'm afraid that if he is out there on his own. It's just going to get even more chaotic.
Martin Price: All right.
Martin Price: Just worry that you know
Martin Price: Eventually you're going to be taking care of the kids full time and you're not going to have any time to for us.
Martin Price: Yeah, that's kind of, basically. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Are you willing to switch roles and I can be you and you can be her. Can I try something out for you and see how that how it feels when I communicate. So okay, so will you be April and just share with me whatever you want to share about Reese.
Martin Price: I've changed all the locks and I've moved all my stuff downstairs, and I've either put his stuff in the truck or in the hallway and those guys are going after he's gonna have to move it upstairs and self.
Martin Price: But he he texted me and he apologized and that really meant a lot to me. And so
Martin Price: I'm gonna let him move back in that not his girlfriend, because she was a monster to me.
Martin Price: And we'll see where it goes from there.
Dominique Pozo: April, I have to be honest, I noticed when you tell me you know what you're considering doing and where this may lead
Dominique Pozo: I notice I some fear and concern comes up for me. And the biggest fear for me is that I want to develop a relationship with you and I'm afraid that having your son so close in is not going to allow that to happen. A I'm afraid that
Dominique Pozo: His ups and downs are going to get in the way of you know any potential for us to to really develop something of our own.
Dominique Pozo: Because I see how much you care for him, and how, in a sense, you know, you want to rescue him and and
Dominique Pozo: that worries me because I have. I've got you know I'm dreaming and I'm having hopes for us. And I am wondering if I'm
Dominique Pozo: If they may not happen.
Martin Price: Yeah, cuz he'll kind of take over your life.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, how does it sound when I when I delivered that. How did that. Did you did you notice as April. Did you get defensive or
Martin Price: It sounded exactly like Pam me
Dominique Pozo: Who is Pam.
Martin Price: Pam was my second wife, and that's just exactly where she was coming from. It's like you've been
Martin Price: Seeing you get depressed starting six years ago, or eight years ago when Miley started having this thing and she's just been manipulating you and you know you spend more time caring about her than you do me and
Dominique Pozo: So,
Martin Price: Like I judged her for that. But in reality, that's where she was feeling and she was just saying it to me.
Dominique Pozo: An interesting that you've called in the same or a similar situation. Now you're on the other end. What do you think, what do you think the big lesson here could potentially be or the big growth, you know, the big growth potential.
Dominique Pozo: For you.
Martin Price: Would be like
Martin Price: Just don't pursue it any further the relationship, you know,
Martin Price: Well, because it would be like
Martin Price: Um,
Martin Price: I don't know. It just seems like kind of a recipe for disaster if she can't
Martin Price: Let go of caretaking for her son.
Dominique Pozo: Mm hmm.
Martin Price: I mean, my whole excuses that Wiley had schizophrenia, you know, but him didn't buy into that.
Martin Price: And Reese, they are. I mean, April things her son, you know, needs medication and therapy but
Martin Price: Man, I just don't know what to say.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, this is the tricky one. It's it I'm seeing this is very interesting to me that you're experiencing both sides now because you've been in the position with Wiley and now you're having feelings that similar to Pam's so
Martin Price: This is really even before Wiley, that whole thing, or I thought, Pam was
Martin Price: Totally enabling her daughter, but I had to really stuff those feelings, you know,
Dominique Pozo: I'm wondering if
Dominique Pozo: The big growth here without making any decisions of move forward and the whatever is not stuffing your feelings I
Martin Price: Think you're right.
Dominique Pozo: I think without making any drastic black or white, you know, determinations. It's simply how can you express yourself and and really honor what you're feeling without judging it making it wrong, thinking that you're
Martin Price: Not feeling like I'm being a big baby or, you know,
Martin Price: Yeah, I don't know why I feel like that, or why I'm that way.
Martin Price: I just have a really hard time expressing you know my needs. I always feel like I'm being a baby.
Dominique Pozo: I think I can relate. You know, I think it's, um,
Dominique Pozo: I think it's a part of the process of learning to really honor you know what you want and what you need. And it's not not caring what anyone thinks yet really honored and saying, hey, these are valid feelings, this is these are valid needs and
Dominique Pozo: This is me, you know, basically.
Martin Price: Yeah, and be willing to
Martin Price: Know what the word is expression and accept the consequences, you know,
Definitely
Martin Price: The consequences must have been when I grew up, must not have been good.
Martin Price: You know, because I certainly am fearful of expressing it.
Dominique Pozo: Well, what I'm hearing too is that you're fearful that
Dominique Pozo: You won't be loved or accepted if you
Dominique Pozo: Can
Martin Price: Be really, I wanted to have somebody to hang out with and Wisconsin, you know,
Martin Price: And we talked about all these you know cool things to do like sailing kayaking and hiking and you know she's a great cook years always showing me these dishes, she cooked and everything you know and like
Martin Price: Of course,
Martin Price: I project and
Martin Price: Think about, oh, the weeks were together. You know, I could come home to a nice meal and be taken care of and that kind of thing.
Dominique Pozo: Mm hmm.
Martin Price: And then I don't know. Reese will get shot in the head and she'll have to take care of the kids forever.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Um, I think.
Dominique Pozo: I think it's very natural and human and healthy to start dreaming and and it seems like you're hitting a point where you're you're wanting to get real with okay we've been talking about all these dreams. What is the reality.
Martin Price: Yeah yeah
Martin Price: LT that she can really
Martin Price: Leave you know for a weekend and the following week and not have to worry about Reese and his girlfriend and the kids or is it just going to be like this.
Martin Price: You know, kind of non stop circus where there's always going to be something that
Martin Price: flaring up there because of him.
Martin Price: I guess I don't understand why he's not working.
Martin Price: Gotten there it's kind of hard in the beginning of a relationship to like
Martin Price: Know where to draw the line and what to say about somebody else's kids, you know, I've never even met this woman, and like, but just everything we've texted about and everything. It's
Martin Price: He doesn't sound like he's
Martin Price: As very good values, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Have you all done any FaceTime, yep.
Martin Price: No, you know, that's a good idea, like to do a zoom
Dominique Pozo: I think I'm
Dominique Pozo: Scared. Yeah, I think before anything. It'd be really good to have some as much contact as possible because it you know there's a lot of fantasies building and if you haven't seen each other yet. I think that seems like a really realistic next step.
Martin Price: Yeah, we've created a lot of photos and everything like that, but
Martin Price: No, maybe, each one of us is fearful to do that, or who knows I you know this whole online dating things, especially when you're talking about
Martin Price: 1500 miles apart, everything
Yeah.
Martin Price: You know, there's a letter really like about her. And then, but the hurt.
Martin Price: Yeah, the whole thing with their son is kind of scary.
Martin Price: And he, I mean, I hate to say it just looks like a thug, you know,
Martin Price: And I'm not really like like I kind of think about, well, like, what if I ever wanted to stay there, you know, and I was like, Oh my God, he's like, flip out
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I mean it. I don't, I don't want to get dramatic, but I don't hear that you feel that safe in the situation.
Martin Price: Well yeah, I just don't know.
Yeah.
Martin Price: So yeah, I'm gonna have to like
Martin Price: You really I don't know careful and express my needs and
Martin Price: Yeah, I don't know if I'm ready to do the whole zoom meeting with her yet but
Martin Price: I mean, I've heard her talking on the phone and stuff like that.
Dominique Pozo: I think there's a lot that gets read by the visual cues to and getting a sense you know a felt sense of someone that it seems seems important to to have some sort of real time contact like this.
Yeah.
Martin Price: And then like
Martin Price: You know,
Martin Price: If we started phone calls or FaceTime, would they have to be like scheduled every day. I really
Martin Price: Can't really
Martin Price: Talk during the day, like that. I mean, I can text, but I can't really talk and then by evening. It's like, time to go walk the dogs eat and go to bed, you know, and then do it all again the next day.
Dominique Pozo: Well, these are good. These are good boundaries and limits to be clear on you know
Martin Price: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: I think you have a lot of opportunities here.
Dominique Pozo: Mighty of opportunity.
Dominique Pozo: To know what your limits are what you're comfortable with what you're not what what you don't want to recreate there's a lot
Martin Price: I think she's probably just as, like, you know, it took a while before she opened up about her sign and everything like that and
Martin Price: You know she's probably
Martin Price: I'm sure she was it took her a while before she would like to start sharing about what he was really doing, you know,
Martin Price: So she I'm sure she has. I guess what I'm saying is I'm sure she has her fears to, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Yeah yeah
Martin Price: It's sort of a pretty much a ball and chain that she's got around her and
Dominique Pozo: I imagine I wonder, you know, if you start sharing some of your fears, I wonder, she's actually has similar ones, and it might actually that is the intimacy piece that
Dominique Pozo: Might be in the conversation for her to say I know I'm afraid of the same thing I really want the same thing, or whatever.
Dominique Pozo: You know, I really want, what you want to. And this is in something that's
Dominique Pozo: Hard to consider. Whatever. Whatever, I don't want to put any words in her mouth. I don't know who she is. But
Martin Price: Yeah, and it's like, so far we just kept the conversation.
Martin Price: Not so much about the future. Just going like, what's been going on. And you know, I don't even know when I'm going back
Martin Price: Is part of the problem.
Martin Price: It's like I keep
Martin Price: Like I found a rental. And she was going to look at it and it both through because there was a scammer. And then another rental and they did already got picked up and she keeps saying to go look at it and
Martin Price: So yeah, it's like I need to try and figure out if I'm going to rent a house and bring my dogs. They're just leaving here, what
Martin Price: And you're just kind of on hold because this whole whole coven thing because
Martin Price: The company is saying, you know, like
Martin Price: The State of Wisconsin should lift the restrictions, you know, towards the end of May, but we're not really quite sure how we're going to respond to it. You know, like we're going to keep you guys in to physically separated teams. So in case one.
Martin Price: team gets the virus than the other team can at least keep most of the word going
Martin Price: Oh, there's just all this weird
Dominique Pozo: You know,
Martin Price: They may leave me here for the whole summer.
Martin Price: Well, no.
Dominique Pozo: It's just like
Martin Price: I feel like I'm in a wartime situation or something like we're
Martin Price: Star crossed lovers writing letters and World War one or something.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, it sounds like it. It's just
Dominique Pozo: Such a strange time
Martin Price: Yeah, it is.
Martin Price: I keep forgetting about it, but it's it's out there.
Dominique Pozo: Well, what do you think would be something that would maybe kind of
Dominique Pozo: Look like you leaning into an edge of discomfort with her. I'm gonna really encourage you to kind of move into something that's not comfortable and and then see what happens when you actually
Dominique Pozo: lean into
Martin Price: I mean, part of it is like what if I meet her. I don't like her. And I've already like gone into this whole
Martin Price: You know, try to get all this intimacy going and you find out there that are that you don't like.
Dominique Pozo: Well, I think this is at least I'm going to propose this possibility that this is about a process and you're being faced with your fears your patterns.
Dominique Pozo: Your so there's some learning whether you end up liking her or not you're getting these opportunities to break patterns or do things differently.
Martin Price: To do the therapy thing. That'd be good, like do counseling with you, like I talked about with Michelle.
Dominique Pozo: Sure, for sure. I'm so happy to
Dominique Pozo: Do that.
Martin Price: Yeah, yeah, it is hard for me. I don't know why I'm here. I am six years old. And it's like, I can't even say what I want, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Oh I it just takes practice. And I love working with couples. So if you want to bring her in. It's actually one of my favorite. I love couples and family, work.
Martin Price: Alright, well that's a thought. I don't know.
Martin Price: I guess I could broach the subject with her.
Martin Price: Sure, yeah. I've never seen you and
Martin Price: Worried about your son.
Dominique Pozo: I really keep highlighting that you're putting it on her when it's it's really convenient to not own what's up for you, you know,
Martin Price: And that is what's up for me.
Dominique Pozo: Right. But it's saying I'm worried about your son and and then there's more. Because here's what I'm needing and wanting and I'm afraid that might not be met.
Martin Price: Okay, don't just like
Martin Price: make it sound like they have this bad situation.
Dominique Pozo: I think it's completing the concern which it comes back to you.
Martin Price: Okay. All right.
Yeah.
Martin Price: Okay, well,
Martin Price: I'll have to get some bravery together for this one.
Dominique Pozo: Let's check in. Let's do a check in, because we did a lot you know the real plane stirs up a lot and even considering all these things. What, what are you noticing right now. What are you feeling, if you could put it in a phrase. What is, what would that be
Martin Price: I guess I'm fearful or scared of like going to the next level like that.
Dominique Pozo: Have intimacy with her.
Martin Price: Yeah yeah yeah talking about my own vulnerabilities and everything I've done it a little bit, but
Martin Price: Not to that extent.
Dominique Pozo: What is the fear is it the fear of potential loss and rejection or is it the
Fear. Okay. Yeah.
Martin Price: Yeah.
Okay.
Martin Price: Fear of rejection.
Martin Price: Some somebody that
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, well, I'm going to invite you to keep being with that and
Dominique Pozo: And tending to that so that and really maybe looking deeply within like okay, what is that part that is afraid to be rejected, who, who's that coming from what part of me is that, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Because that's the the invitation for the until we meet again is to think about, you know, what does that rejection tied to and
Dominique Pozo: How can you keep soothing yourself with the possibility that that may happen or may not
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: And it's rooted in something historical so I just wanted to kind of validate an honor to that these fears don't come out of nowhere.
Martin Price: Every, every therapists and counselors, said the exact same thing to me. You know, it comes from somewhere in your childhood. That way you know your razor either. You didn't get
Martin Price: Like any nurturing from your mom or
Dominique Pozo: Or it could have happened in relationships. This isn't necessarily, you know, your parents fault or a caretaker. This could have been as an as an adult. You've played out a pattern that has
Dominique Pozo: Led to, oh gosh, I don't want to experience this again and it could have happened.
Martin Price: Yeah, that's possible. Yeah.
Martin Price: Yeah, it's like this real basic need and
Martin Price: It's very
Martin Price: Because causes me a lot of pain when it happened when I go through the whole rejection thing.
Martin Price: Or relationship breakups
Martin Price: It's just like, oh my god, they're horrible, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Well, you're not alone, Marty.
Martin Price: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah yeah
Martin Price: It.
Dominique Pozo: Makes sense.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, this hour flew by. When
Dominique Pozo: When would you like to meet again.
Martin Price: Next Monday.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, we can we can do the same time next Monday.
Martin Price: Let's go with that for now and next week shapes up
Dominique Pozo: Sounds great.
Martin Price: Group tomorrow night. Right.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, we've got group tomorrow. And then, and then I've got you in the book for next Monday at 6pm
Martin Price: Which would be the 18th
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, the 18th
Martin Price: Me. Are you going to be around later this week.
Martin Price: Yeah. Okay. All right. And I have to show some people, the House that are thinking of running it. So, me being here. And so let me find out when they want to come and then maybe we could do something later this week.
Dominique Pozo: Sounds great. Why don't you just when you figure out your schedule. I'll see where I'm at, at that point, and we'll look at the calendars.
Martin Price: I'll be expecting a video though.
Dominique Pozo: Well, I don't have a GoPro
Martin Price: Like you can put it on your head like those lamps that the mind.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I
Martin Price: Actually do have that kind of mouth. That's I'm not kidding, it's like a just a strap that goes around your head in it. Now it's right there.
Dominique Pozo: Well, I'm inspired. I'm not sure if I'll have it by the end of this week, but I'm definitely inspired. Thank you.
Martin Price: I think it'd be cool to
Martin Price: You know, to get because like when I was watching the ski video. It really made me like I could get into it really easily.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Martin Price: I would think surfing, it'd be the exact same thing. Like you're waiting for this moment to like jump on the other side of the wave, you know, and
Martin Price: It just sounds fun.
Dominique Pozo: It sure does. Totally. And I'm thinking I could I could you I could put it, if it was like a headlamp I could put it around my neck when I'm paddling out and
Dominique Pozo: Pop up. I just pop it up.
Martin Price: Yeah, and they are waterproof so
Martin Price: I don't know. They might be like for $2
Dominique Pozo: They are. That's another consideration, my friend just left. He's like, I didn't know if I wanted to drop
Dominique Pozo: $450 yesterday on this camera but um
Martin Price: Yeah, yeah. But the video qualities, really good.
Martin Price: Yeah, it's amazing optics.
Dominique Pozo: Hmm. Cool. Okay.
Martin Price: I'll see you tomorrow night, then
Dominique Pozo: Okay, sounds great already have a great
Martin Price: One. Okay.
Bye bye.